you've probably heard of the placebo
effect we're a non-medical drug can
provide real physiological change when
you take a placebo if you really truly
believe that it's gonna work your brain
can be tricked into releasing the
chemicals that are associated with that
effect we decide to test the placebo
effect our office to see if we can trick
people into having more energy
for a science experiment on homeopathic
medicine would you be willing to take
energy pills for seven days oh well
what's it gonna do to me like what like
the effect should be increased energy
throughout the day though you could
become slightly irritable maybe lose sex
drive a little bit those are the only
two recorded side-effects all right
science awesome
and just like that in less than two
hours one of our test subjects was
already reporting feeling the effects of
the pill super super wired right now
like like I feel like I'm in the matrix
like I could see things different I
don't really know how to describe it
other than maybe like like an alcohol
buzz it almost feels like I'm buzzed I
don't a little freaked out not gonna lie
a little bit I think it did help a
little bit yeah why not
usually at the end of the day I just
want to sleep I just want to rest but
after through that I did feel like okay
a couple days ago went rock climbing and
I was able to do like five hours I I
don't know if it was the pill or that
was me but I was able to do it
I took it right before I drove home
which is when I always feel asleep ease
from driving home because traffic kind
of just loathes me to sleep so I decided
the pill and when I was in the car I was
just losing my mind
my hands were jittery when I got home my
eyes were super hoping I just felt like
I had twice the amount of energy that I
should so I've been taking the energy
pills its third day and I still feel
nothing the first day maybe when I took
it there was like a little like a little
surge but I think that was more mental
than anything and then the rest of the
time I took it it was just
nothing I'm pretty certain you guys gave
me just empty capsules you did I
actually from day one you guys gave it
to me I was like hmm well if they never
mention the name of this work these are
placebos I wonder if like mentally are
like these aren't real and that
interfered was like how they could
affect me it's that's weird you're just
tricking your mind but it works I feel
like my brain is pretty magical and that
uh if I just trick it into doing more of
what I want I can have a very happy life